# genome-block-editor

This is a developing project for building a chromosome on webpages by dragging and dropping features blocks.

## sub projects

the frontend folder is a react redux saga axios antd project website.
the api folder is a nodejs koa2 apollo-server socket.io mongoose project wich provides REST/GraphQL/websocket services.

## other dependencies

this service uses cailab-auth as the SSO authtication, unless the "lcoal mode" is set
this service uses cailab-conf project(private) to generate conf.json and .env files, however handwriting conf.json is also OK according conf.default.json
it links to webexe project for executing long time process written by other languages.
mongodb, for saving the project data
redis, optional, for caching the sequence and project data from mongodb


## Run projects by Docker

```
docker-compose up --build -d
```

when all container starts successfully, goto the address you set in conf.json (http://localhost:10301 by default) to access the website

## Run projects individually in production

### frontend
```
cd frontend
yarn install
yarn run build
```
html and javascript files are built and generated in build folder, then use nginx or other software to deploy it.

### api
```
cd api
yarn install
yarn run production
```

the node.js server will listen on the port (default 10302), is OK to use nginx as reverse proxy if SSL is required.

## debug projects

### frontend
```
cd frontend
yarn install
yarn start
```

### api
```
cd api
yarn install
yarn run dev
```

# For developers
## Folder Structure
### frontend/src
the front end source code
- `@types`: the typescript type annotation file
- `Components`: the react components
- `Components/dialogs`: the dialog components for all global tasks, editing, and rendering details
- `Components/dialogs/taskDialogs`: the dialogs for global tasks
- `Pages`: the top level components, each component is for a main content of the page (except hear bars and foot bars)
- `sagas and saga.ts`: contains all react-saga calls, which usually used for async axios calling.
- `App.tsx`: the most top level component.
- `reducer.ts`: the 'react-reducer' functions
### frontend/build
production code has been generated by `yarn build`
### frontend/public
some static resources
### frontend/.env
the env conf file, used for assign a port
### frontend/Dockerfile
docker conf file
### frontend/nginx.conf
used for docker images in the production version

### api/public
public resource files
### api/src
the backend source code
- `@types`: the typescript type annotation file
- ``
### api/build
### api/public
